docs(configuration options): rewrite `keepUpdatedLabel` (#27703)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

> ## keepUpdatedLabel

Author: On a related note, the `description` for this config option is hard to understand also:

> Label to request Renovate bot always rebase to keep branch updated.

Reviewer: "If set, users can add this label to PRs to request they be kept updated with the base branch." ?

Reviewer: Do you want to make the change in this PR?

On supported platforms you may add a label to a PR so that Renovate recreates/rebases the PR when the branch falls behind the base branch.
Adding the `keepUpdatedLabel` label to a PR makes Renovate behave as if `rebaseWhen` were set to `behind-base-branch`, but only for the given PR.
Renovate does _not_ remove the label from the PR after it finishes rebasing.
This is different from the `rebaseLabel` option, where Renovate _removes_ the label from the PR after rebasing.

`keepUpdatedLabel` can be useful when you have approved certain PRs and want Renovate to keep the PRs up-to-date until you're ready to merge them.

> The setting `keepUpdatedLabel` is best used together with `rebaseWhen` set to the values of `never` or `conflicted` that limit rebasing. ???

Author: This sentence is hard to understand for me. I think we're missing some connecting sentence that explains why you should use `rebaseWhen=never/conflicted`when you use `keepUpdatedLabel`.

Be sure to remove the `???` I added. I added `???` so I can comment on this line directly. 😄

> The setting `keepUpdatedLabel` is best used together with `rebaseWhen` set to the values of `never` or `conflicted` that limit rebasing. ???

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setting `keepUpdatedLabel` is best used in this scenario:

- By default, you configure `rebaseWhen` to `never` or `conflicted` to reduce rebasing
- Sometimes, you want Renovate to keep specific PRs up-to-date with their base branch (equivalent to `rebaseWhen=behind-base-branch`)
```
